feat: make `google_groups` argument optional when using google provider (#3138)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/providers/google.md

| Flag                                           | Toml Field                                   | Type   | Description                                                                                      | Default                                            |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `--google-admin-email`                         | `google_admin_email`                         | string | the google admin to impersonate for api calls                                                    |                                                    |

> | `--google-group`                               | `google_groups`                              | string | restrict logins to members of this google group (may be given multiple times). If not specified and service account is configured, all user groups will be allowed.                   |                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--google-group`                               | `google_groups`                              | string | restrict logins to members of this google group (may be given multiple times). If not specified and service account or default credentials are configured, all user groups will be allowed.                   |                                                    |
```

Author: updated
